---
title: Euclid's Toolworks—"Woke Up This Morning With A Wine Glass In My Hand..."
date:
  created: 2025-12-11
  updated: 2025-12-13
authors:
  - me
---

So what's with this crazy title, huh?  It's been a minute since my last post, in June. I wouldn't be surprised if all of Euclid's subscribers have left the building.  Some of you out there may recognize the opening line from Peter Frampton's *Do You Feel Like We Do*. Here's the whole first stanza:

!!! info "*Do You Feel Like We Do*[^1]"
    ``` text
    Woke up this morning with a wine glass in my hand
    Whose wine? What wine?
    Where the hell did I dine?
    Must have been a dream
    I don't believe where I've been
    Come on, let's do it again
    ```

Everything pretty much describes life since this past April when I went back to work, except I don't want to do it again.  I was planning on working until my youngest son graduated from Engineering School in May of 2026, but my health problems started getting worse again when I started back at the desk all day, and then some. I decided to chuck it and get the shop going a few years early.

In short, I'm back at it, only this time it's for good.  It will take a lot of work before I can start producing products for sale, but as of December 19th, 2025, I've got all day to get things going.

Below is a short summary of updates to the substack that are going out alongside this post.

1. There's somewhere around a half dozen new books in the library.
1. A new project has been added to project page, so expect a series of posts on putting a traditional finish on my new pine window sills.

So to summarize, Euclid's Toolworks is open for business, finally after more than a year.  I'll have a lot more time to write for all y'all so feel free to send in ideas. I've got more than a few topics on the way.

So let's turn it up and Laissez les bons temps rouler!

[^1]: Peter Frampton, "Do You Feel Like We Do," on Frampton's Camel, A&M Records, 1973.
